Can my mom let me talk to my brother?
Sorry, Miss Lin.
Mr. Gu told you not to touch your phone
I don't know when I'm going to be locked up like this
No, I have to figure it out.
Miss Lin, what are you doing?
If you don't give me my phone
I'll die right here
Oh, I really can't, Miss Lin.
How do you know?
That won't let me go
But I know I am
He won't let you go
Hey, Mr. Gu, you are here
Miss Lin is going to commit suicide
But it has nothing to do with me
I see. Go on.
Wrong
Come to the alley
How long are you going to lock me up?
I can lock up as long as I want
As long as you are obedient
I'll think about it.
Watch me out
You can take care of me anytime.
But if you let me know something happened to my brother
I won't let you go.